You'd better go back
I'll just wait for my sister by myself.
Jing'er's mother has lost her life for 13 years
This time
I can't lose her no matter what
Can you understand mom?
Mrs. Gu
Okay, I said I don't need your relationship
You'd better go back
What just happened?
Owe a small family like me
But the operation can't afford it.
Mom is wrong
Mom please give birth
You take a bite
Just one bite
For 13 years, my mother has dreamed of cooking for you
You have a bad stomach since you were small.
Mom has been worried
Shengsheng
My brother knows that he and his mother have made a lot of mistakes
This is mom already like this
Please don't be indifferent anymore
This car feels like I've done something wrong
I'm just watching.
The car is like you bullied me
The person who took me down the small staircase
Shatter my dreams
Aren't you also watching from the sidelines?
Right?